TF-1404 Add CDP example to fish-tank (#48)
tinyfish-io/fish-tank: examples/run_script_with_local_browser/README.md

# Example script: run the script in existing local browser with AgentQL

> This example demonstrates how to run the script in an existing local browser with AgentQL.

Reviewer: Not necessary local, can be remote. Main thing is that it's not bundled.
Please, fix this in other places too.

```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to interact with an external or existing browser with AgentQL.
```

## Run the script

- [Install AgentQL SDK](https://docs.agentql.com/docs/installation/sdk-installation)

> - Save this python file locally as **run_script_with_local_browser.py**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Save this Python file locally as **run_script_with_local_browser.py**.
```

> - Close your Google Chrome browser application if it is open.

Reviewer: nit: browser or app, don't need both

```suggestion
- Close your Google Chrome application if it is open.
```

- If you're using **Mac**, open the terminal and run the following command:

```bash
/Applications/Google\ Chrome.app/Contents/MacOS/Google\ Chrome --remote-debugging-port=9222
```

- If you're using **Windows**, open the Command Prompt and run the command:

```bash
chrome.exe --remote-debugging-port=9222
```

> **Make sure to replace chrome.exe with the path to your Chrome executable if it's not already in your system's PATH.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Make sure to replace `chrome.exe` with the path to your Chrome executable if it's not already in your system's PATH.**
```

> - In the open browser, select the Google profile you would like to use for this session.

Reviewer: Not sure what did you mean, but suggestions might be: "open browser dialog" or "In opened browser"?
